[jquery] Add support column and paragraph for HeroDevs. (#6112)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/jquery.md

---
title: jQuery
category: framework

> tags: javascript-runtime herodevs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: javascript-runtime
```

Whether or not adding such tag is still discussed in https://github.com/endoflife-date/endoflife.date/issues/6504.

Author: I'm fine removing it. On the other hand, what would it take to resolve the conversation in the affirmative for the tag over at https://github.com/endoflife-date/endoflife.date/issues/6504?

Author: If it's weeks away, I can always add the tag later.

Reviewer: Let's wait a week and prepare the PR. If nobody advise strongly against it I will take on myself to merge it.

longer receive patches, although a core team lead [stated that](https://github.com/jquery/jquery/issues/5322#issuecomment-1719939675)
serious security patches have been backported and that they would consider it again in the future.

> The jQuery team has indicated that they will be participating in the [OpenJS Foundation's
> Ecosystem Sustainability Program (ESP)](https://openjsf.org/ecosystem-sustainability-program)
> and have [announced that commercial support for 1.x and
> 2.x branches are now available](https://jquery.com/support) from [HeroDevs](https://www.herodevs.com/support/jquery-nes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jQuery is part of the [OpenJS Foundation’s Ecosystem Sustainability Program](https://openjsf.org/ecosystem-sustainability-program) (ESP). Commercial support [is available for some EOL versions of jQuery](https://jquery.com/support/#commercial-support) through the [HeroDevs Never-Ending Support](https://www.herodevs.com/support/jquery-nes) initiative.
```

I would prefer if particular versions were not mentioned in the description as it will make it simpler to maintain this page that way. WDYT of this change based on what has been done for https://endoflife.date/nodejs ?
